bake(7) -- Bash-Toolbox Make
============================

## SYNOPSIS

A lightweight build automation like GNU/Make and Rake. It is a Syntactic
sugar based which use Bash.

This script application should be used to handle tasks defined
`Bakefile` or `bakefile`.

## DESCRIPTION

`bake` implements a set of functions that help writing tasks. It has a syntax
that combines features GNU/Make and Rake.

### SYNTAX AND USAGE

The tasks will be used in command line must be describe using the function
`desc`.

    desc <task-name> <task-description>

This will be push a new task in the main stack of tasks. Then, its necessary
write the defined task.

    task <task-name> {
      # ... task-body
    }

## AUTHOR

`bake` was written by Hallison Batista &lt;hallison@codigorama.com&gt;

## COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2009,2010 Codigorama &lt;code@codigorama.com&gt;

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

## SEE ALSO

[bake(1)](bake.1.html), [bake(3)](bake.3.html), [bert(1)](bert.1.html)

