Bash-Toolbox -- A Bash scripting toolbox
========================================

SYNOPSIS
--------

Bash-Toolbox is a simple set of functions and instructions that help develop
script applications in [Bash][].

DESCRIPTION
-----------

### Philosophy

Bash-Toolbox is intended to help write script applications which to be
easy-to-read and easy-to-write, that is, it help the developer to creates
[Bash][] applications easly with a clean and concise syntax. It implements the
commands and functions most used by users.

### Features

The Bash-Toolbox have the following features:

* Easy to use.
* Improve significantly the [Bash][] scripts.
* Offers a set of tools which help the development.
* Compatible with [Bash][] v3.x and the new version v4.0.

See the [manual page index][] for more information about
application tools.

INSTALL
-------

Download Zipball or Tarball from [Github downloads][]. Decompress package and
run:

    PATH=$PWD/bin:$PATH
    sudo -e bake install

This will install all files using `/usr/local` as prefix in sources. If you
want install in your local applications (e.g. `~/.local/`) just set
environment variable `PREFIX`.

    PATH=$PWD/bin:$PATH
    PREFIX=~/.local bake install

The installation task will create `.uninstall` file that used by
`uninstall` task. So, if you want uninstall Bash-Toolbox, just run:

    cd <path/to/bash-toolbox/source>
    bake uninstall

INFORMATION
-----------

The Bash-Toolbox is hosted on following servers:

* [Github][github bash-toolbox].
* [Codaset][codaset bash-toolbox].

AUTHOR
------

Written by Hallison Batista &lt;hallison@codigorama.com&gt;

COPYRIGHT
---------

Copyright (C) 2009-2011 Codigorama &lt;opensource@codigorama.com&gt;

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

[Bash]: http://www.case.edu/php/chet/bash/bashtop.html
  "Bourne Again SHell"

[github bash-toolbox]: http://github.com/codigorama/bash-toolbox
  "Bash-Toolbox hosted on Github"

[github downloads]: http://github.com/codigorama/bash-toolbox/downloads
  "Github - Bash-Toolbox downloads"

[codaset bash-toolbox]: http://codaset.com/codigorama/bash-toolbox
  "Bash-Toolbox hosted on Codaset"

[manual page index]: manpages/bash-toolbox.7.html
  "Bash-Toolbox Manpages Index"

